c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\MyFitSecret.exe.config
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\MyFitSecret.exe
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\MyFitSecret.pdb
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.Login.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.exe
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.pdb
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.employee.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.Sportsman.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.Admin.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.addSportsman.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.addEmployee.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.updateEmployee.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.updateSportsman.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.cardio.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.Weight_Training_Videos.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.bodyProgress.resources
c:\users\cea\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.burned.resources
C:\Users\CEA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.updateBody.resources
C:\Users\CEA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.insertConsumed.resources
C:\Users\CEA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyFitSecret\MyFitSecret\obj\Debug\MyFitSecret.updateWeights.resources
